- In five...
four...
three...
two...
[ audience cheers ]
- Good evening,
and welcome to...
[ all together ]
Swellview's Got Talent!
- I'm Danny Chest.
- We love you Danny Chest!
[ cheers ]
- I get the same thing
all the time.
- Allll right ladies,
try to control yourselves.
- Man, that Danny Chest
is handsome.
[ doorbell rings ]
Ooo!
- Sushi Dushi.
- Oh, good!
But hang on a sec!
I'm watching television!
- Hey, what show is that?
Swellview's Got Talent?
- Yeah!
My daughter's on tonight.
She's gonna be dancing!
Oh. Well sure, I can stay.
Scoochie Doochie.
- Now, let's take a minute
to say hello
to this week's
celebrity judges!
Starting with
chair number one...
everybody knows basketball's
biggest superstar,
LeBron James!
[ audience cheers ]
So let's all welcome
LeBron's childhood friend...
Vanessa Harris!
[ light applause ]
And next...
- Hey hey hey,
they're about to
introduce the boys!
- Ooo!
- So exciting!
- The guys filling judges'
chairs numbers two and three
are no strangers
to anyone here in Swellview.
Now give it up for
Captain Man and Kid Danger!
[ big applause ]
- Yeah!
- Hi Danny Chest.
- Hey Danny.
- Chest.
- Ahaha...
All right then...
Since we're nearing
the end of this competition,
do you guys think that any of
the performers this week
can beat our
current front-runner?
- Ooo...man,
that's a tough one.
- That's uh, hard to say.
- That's a hard one.
- Um, if I had to say,
I'd say no.
- 'Cuz I could say yes,
but the truth really is no.
- Unless you think...
- But, I mean...
- Naw. No no no no.
- Nope.
[ chuckling ]
- Well, clearly our judges think
that our current front-runner,
Steven Sharp, is gonna
be pretty tough to beat.
And I'll show you why!
C'mon out here, Steven!
Last week, this guy
wowed us with his talent
for throwing Cuban zip spikes.
Can you give us
a little taste of that again?
- Of course.
How about I throw one
at camera two?
- He-hey!
Fantastic!
- Wow.
- Thank you!
I'm Steven!
Thank you for
applauding my talent!
- All right, let's bring out
our first new performer
of the evening.
Please give
an SGT welcome tooo...
Harry Hoagie!
- Hey there Harry.
- What's up, Harry?
- I used to know LeBron James.
- So Harry...
tell us what we're gonna
see you do tonight.
- Well, I'm gonna eat this
entire 6 foot submarine sandwich
in less than sixty seconds.
- Okay!
Sixty seconds on the clock!
- Whooaaa...
nice clock graphic.
- All right.
Ready...set...
[ all togther ]
Go!
- Ahhhhhh....
AHHHH!
- Okay! That's uh...
- Don't, don't, clap right now.
- I was just trying
to be supportive.
- No that was not supposed--
- Sure that's not part of the...
- Yes. Nope.
Not supposed to happen.
- Okay...not sure
what's wrong with Harry.
But no worries!
Because our next two performers
are about to dance
their way into your hearts:
Here is Carl Markus
and Piper Hart!
- There she is.
- So, how long have you two
been dance partners?
- For about six months.
- And what's your favorite
kind of dancing?
- The kind that wins
Swellview's Got Talent.
- All right, well kids,
let's see what ya got!
- Okay!
[ music plays ]
♪ Yeah watch me on the floor ♪
♪ Hey hey hey ♪
♪ Watch me on the floor ♪
- No. No.
Don't do that.
- Ba baa ahhhh.
- Obviously a major malfunction.
- Again? 'Cuz that's what
the last guy did.
- It all just kinda happened.
I wanted an after-school job.
But then,
an indestructible superhero
hired me to be his sidekick.
- Ah!
- Now we blow bubbles...
and fight crime.
Feels good.
[ theme music ]
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
- Aw, my boot!
- Ha!
- Hey guys, come here!
- Okay.
What do you got?
- All right.
Check this out...
Last night, Henry's sister
and two other performers
all freaked out
in the exact same way.
First, the sandwich guy...
- Ahhhh!
- Just like Carl Markus
and Henry's sister did.
- Maybe they all got sick.
- Nah, Piper was fine right
before the show,
and she was totally fine
right after.
- Well, if they
didn't get sick
then somebody did
something to them.
But why?
- And who?
- And where?
- At...at the show.
- Huh?
- You said, you said where.
Right?
We-we know where.
At the show.
- Okay, do you always
have to criticize me
when I'm trying to
figure things out?
- Wait what?
I was just, I was just--
- Y'know, sometimes
a little encouragement
would be helpful, y'know?
A kind word?
Maybe a hug?
- Uh, I'm, I'm sorry.
Here you...you wanna hug,
let's, let's hug...
- No not now,
I don't want your hug now.
- What? Okay, you just
said you wanted a hug.
I'm gonna' give you a--
- Yeah, when you WANT to, okay?
I don't want a hug from you
right after I tell you
I want a hug.
I only want it to happen
'cuz you wanna hug me,
when it's your idea,
not 'cuz I'd had to ask for it.
- Anywaaaaaay...
so what's our plan?
- [ sighs ]Well, they're letting
the people who passed out
last night perform
again tonight.
- Oh.
So, you and Ray
will be there as judges,
so just keep an eye out
for anyone backstage--
- No no no no
bad idea bad idea.
- Pardon?
- Henry and I are gonna be
stuck at the judges table.
So, we can't sneak "backstage"
to figure out what's goin' on,
what's the matter with you?
- Y'know...
sometimes I like kind
words and hugs, too.
- Oh grow up.
- Well fine.
Then let's hear your great idea.
- Sure.
During the show, you and Schwoz
sneak backstage,
so you two can look around
and try to figure out
what's goin' on.
- Nah nah...
they only let the stage crew
and performers backstage.
- True.
Charlotte, go buy yourself
some boy dancing clothes.
- Huh?
- Don't say huh just do it.
Schwoz...
go buy a blonde wig and
a little girl's sequined jacket.
- Already got 'em!
- Now?
- Yeah, okay.
- We're gonna be live
in five, people...
we are live in five minutes.
God I love this headset.
- Hey, hey...
there's my sister
and her dance partner.
- Right.
Let's get over there.
- Excuse me, Captain Man...?
- Uh. Yeah, what?
- Uh, I'm Steven Sharp.
- Oh yeah, how ya doin'?
- I'm talking to Captain Man.
- Oh. Well okay.
- Uh...What is that?
- Oh uh, this is
my ferret, Fosset.
- Your ferret?
- Fosset?
- He brings me good luck
when I rub him.
And so I share my ferret
with others,
so that all may have good luck.
- Cool.
Well, see ya.
- Have a good one.
- I was talking to Captain Man!
- Wow...okay.
- Hey look, it's the president
of the Man Fans.
- Oh hey Captain Man!
I'm really sorry we spazzed out
and fainted last night.
I have no idea what happened.
- We just started dancing
and the next thing...
Wait what are you..?
- All right...
There.
- Charlotte, Schwoz,
get in here.
- Okay...
now you're Piper...
- And you're Carl.
- Fine. But I am NOT
going out there and dancing.
- No. You won't have to.
We'll figure out who's
sabotaging the performers
before you guys
are called to go on.
- Right, so just
hang out back here
and keep your eyes open.
- We'll do it.
- Hey, where you two goin'?
- Oh, we're judges.
We're supposed to be out--
- Wait...Jasper?!?
- Yeah!
Look! I'm here!
- Aww.
- Why?!?
- To help!
- You're supposed to be at
Junk-N-Stuff watching the store!
- Well I wanna help
solve this crime!
- That's it,
I'm gonna wreck this kid...
- Wait no!
ANNOUNCER: Sixty seconds to air.
- You don't have time!
Jasper don't cause any problems!
All right?
- Do you guys like my beard?
- Gi!
- No. Hey hey hey!
- Let me hurt him!
Just let me hurt him!
Okay people!
Places!
Take two!
Hold the work!
Real beard!
All right?
- My sandwich!
- I'm sorry!
Uh here...
just hold on uh, uh...
- Ohhh Jasper.
- In five...four...
three... two...
- Hey-yo!
And welcome again to...
[ all together ]
Swellview's Got Talent!
All right.
I'm Danny Chest.
- We love you Danny Chest!
- Okaaay...
Now, last night we had
some problems here.
So, tonight is gonna be
a kind of "do-over" type deal.
Sound good?
- Cool, thanks for buyin'
into the premise.
Okay! First up,
this guy can actually eat a...
Uh-huh...
oh really?
Apparently we had a
"sandwich sitch" backstage,
so we're gonna
show you that guy later.
And instead, we're gonna
start off the show
with two amazing kid dancers:
So let's bring 'em out!
Carl Markus and Piper Hart!
- Uh-oh.
- This should be interesting.
- No no no...we're not supposed
to go on 'til later!
- There's been a change!
You gotta go on now!
Okay! We're ready!
- No we're not!
- Piper and Carl!
On their way!
- C'mon!
- Wait!
Wait!
The dancers need to pet
my ferret for good luck
before they perform!
- There's no time!
- We failed.
Oh Fosset...
- All right,
let's give Piper and Carl
some encouragement!
- Dude, we told 'em
they wouldn't have to dance.
- I know.
- Well, Charlotte and Schwoz
haven't even rehearsed!
What are we gonna do?!?
- Watch.
Probably laugh.
Then judge.
- So, are you guys
feeling better
after what happened last night?
- Uh, uh, yeah...much better.
- Hmmm...
that doesn't look like Carl.
- All right kids,
let's see what you got.
[ music plays ]
♪ Yeah watch me on the floor ♪
- Uh, I just heard them say
that you're performing next.
- Yeah.
- Well then...
You'll need some good luck.
Pet my ferret.
- Uh, I dunno man, it didn't
work too well last night.
- Then pet harder.
Here...
- Ferrets...ferrets...
ferrets...
The Norwegian Ferret...
"Danger: Avoid contact
with Norwegian Ferrets,
because they secrete
powerful oils
that can cause
strange reactions,
such as tongue-chewing,
head vibrations,
and loss of consciousness."
Hey!
- Hello.
Your beard looks fake.
- You're making the other
performers pet your ferret
so they'll pass out,
so then you can win first place!
- Ah. You figured
that out, did you?
- Sure did.
- Well, so did he.
- Who?
I don't see any--
- Yesssss.
That's right.
Absorb my ferret's oil.
Enjoy your nap.
- Hey!
The spike thrower's attacking
our bearded
production assistant!
- No I'm not!
- Uh, yeah you are!
And that's against the rules!
- So?
- So you're disqualified.
- Oh, uh...
Well uh, I guess I've lost then.
So, I suppose I'll just uh--
Ahhh!
- Stop him!
- Stop the show!!!
- Thank you!
- Now Steven, you're not
supposed to be on stage.
- You shut your stupid mouth,
Danny Chest!
- Wow.
- Uh son, why don't you get off
the stage 'til it's your turn.
- No! I came on this show
to win back my girlfriend!
'Cuz Kid Danger
stole her from me!
[ crowd gasps ]
- Ahhhhh!
- Dude, I never stole
your girlfriend.
- You did too!
Back off Danny Chest!
- Hey!
- My girlfriend used to love me!
Until you got to be
Captain Man's sidekick!
Then she got all obsessed
with the "cool,
good-looking Kid Danger!"
- What-what she look like?
Is she cute?
- She got a mom?
- You distracted
my girlfriend, so now...
Prepare to eat spike!
CAPTAIN MAN: Steven!
Don't be insane!
Kid Danger has hyper motility.
- Wait, what's that,
some disease?
- Nooo!
It's a superpower.
- It means that if he throws
a Cuban zip spike at me,
I can just knock it away.
- Oh yeah?
Let's see you try!
- Uh, is there a nurse
in the audience?
- Could I switch
seats with you?
- All right!
Maybe I can't hurt Kid Danger...
or Captain Man...
...but I can hurt Danny Chest!
- You leave Danny Chest alone!
- Security!
Security!
- Should we uh...?
Maybe we should...
- Just jump in there?
I mean we are super...
- Nah he's good. He's good.
- They got it. They got it.
- No! No!
I did it for my girlfriend!
I just wanted
my girlfriend baaaack!!!
- Wow!
Well, you all just saw it,
live, right here
on Swellview's Got Talent!
Piper Hart just saved my life!
- Danny Chest!
I love you!
- What the butt happened?!?
[ oven bell ]
- Mmm.